<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    
    <title>Retail Clients</title>
    
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../_static/epub.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../_static/banner.css" type="text/css" /> 
  </head>
  <body role="document">

    <div class="related" role="navigation" aria-label="related navigation">
      <h3>Navigation</h3>
      <ul>
        <li class="right" style="margin-right: 10px">
          <a href="../genindex.xhtml" title="General Index"
             accesskey="I">index</a></li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="balances.xhtml" title="Balances"
             accesskey="N">next</a> |</li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="companies.xhtml" title="Companies"
             accesskey="P">previous</a> |</li>
        <li class="nav-item nav-item-0"><a href="../index.xhtml">IvozProvider Artemis documentation</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-1"><a href="index.xhtml" accesskey="U">Brand Configuration</a> &#187;</li> 
      </ul>
    </div>

    <div class="document">
      <div class="documentwrapper">
          <div class="body" role="main">
            
  <div class="section" id="retail-clients">
<span id="id1"></span><h1>Retail Clients</h1>
<dl class="glossary docutils">
<dt id="term-name">Name</dt>
<dd>Sets the name for this company.</dd>
<dt id="term-nif">NIF</dt>
<dd>Number used in this company&#8217;s invoices.</dd>
<dt id="term-invoice-data">Invoice data</dt>
<dd>Data included in invoices created by this brand.</dd>
<dt id="term-outgoing-ddi">Outgoing DDI</dt>
<dd>Introduced in 1.3, this setting selects a DDI for outgoing calls
of this company, if it is no overridden in a lower level (e.g. user level)</dd>
<dt id="term-media-relay-set">Media relay set</dt>
<dd>As mentioned above, media-relay can be grouped in sets to reserve capacities
or on a geographical purpose. This section lets you assign them to companies.</dd>
<dt id="term-distribute-method">Distribute Method</dt>
<dd>&#8216;Hash based&#8217; distributes calls hashing a parameter that is unique per
company/retail, &#8216;Round robin&#8217; distributes calls equally between AS-es and
&#8216;static&#8217; is used for debugging purposes.</dd>
<dt id="term-application-server">Application Server</dt>
<dd>If &#8216;static&#8217; <em>distribute method</em> is used, select an application server here.</dd>
<dt id="term-recordings">Recordings</dt>
<dd>Configures a limit for the size of recordings of this company. A
notification is sent to configured address when 80% is reached and
older recordings are rotated when configured size is reached.</dd>
<dt id="term-features">Features</dt>
<dd>Introduced in 1.3, lets brand operator choose the features of the company.
Related sections are hidden consequently and the company cannot use them.</dd>
</dl>
</div>


          </div>
      </div>
      <div class="clearer"></div>
    </div>

    <div class="footer" role="contentinfo">
        &#169; Copyright 2016-2017, Irontec.
      Created using <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> 1.4.9.
    </div>
  </body>
</html>